watch the silver eye on top of the are
just watch every time it swings let's
pretend we're unraveling a piece of
string
little by little let's pretend that
piece of string is time unraveling
minute by minute second by second going
backwards time slipping away everything
around you this house my voice your
mother all these things are getting
further away we're going back through
your life back to when you started
school when you first learn to walk when
you were just a baby
back to the day you were born
back to the time before this body I'm no
longer speaking to miles I'm speaking to
the person who has taken residence
inside his body
you came uninvited tell me if you can
hear my voice
my ass
why else what's wrong mommy I'm scared
come here baby
[Music]